General Header:
Cache-Control- used to specify directives for caching mechanisms in both requests and responses. It is unindirectional meaning
that a given directive in a request is not implying that the same directive is to be given in the response.
 
Connection- controls whether or not the network connection stays open after the current transaction finishes. If the sent value
is "keep alive", the connection is presistent and not closed,allowing for subsequent request to the same server to be done. 
Data-preliminary information that helps prepare an end device for further, more specific information. 

Pragma-considered a custome header and may be used to include implementation-specific headers. The most commonly
used pragma directive. 
 
Trailer- allows the sender to include additonal fields at the end of the chuncked messages in order to supply metadata
that might be dynamically generated while the message body is sent, such as a message integrity check, digital signature or post 
processing status.
 
Transfer-Encoding- generally used to break the response into smaller part with the Transfer-Encoding chunked value. This 
is a new header in HTTP/1.1 and allows for streaming of response to the client instead of one big payload. 

Upgrade-used to switch protocols and allow a smooth transaction to a newer protocol. 

Via- Header is used in a TRACE message and updated by all intermittent proxies and gateways

Warning- contains information about possible problems with the status of the message. More than one warning header may 
appear in a response. 

Entity Headers:
Allow- List the set of methods supposrt by a resource. Must be sent if the server responds witha 405 Method Not Allowed status 
code to indicate which request methods can be used. An empty allow header indicates that the resources alows no request methods, which 
might occur temporarily for a given resources.
 
Content-Encoding- used to compress the media-type. When present, its value indicate which encodings were applied to the entity-body. It lets the 
client know, how to decode in order to obtain the media-type referenced by the Content Type header.
 
Content-Language-used to describe the languages intented for the audience, so that it allows a user to differenciate accorfing to the users' 
own preferred langauge. 

Content-Length- indicating the size of the entity-body, in bytes, sent to the recipient.
  
Content-Location- indicates an alternate loaction for the returned data. The principal use is to indicate the URL of a resource transmitted 
as the result of content negotiation.
 
Content-MD5- Optional header, may be used as a mesage integrity check, to verify that the decode data are the same data that were initially sent.

Content-Range- Response HTTP header indicates where in a full body message a partial message belongs.
 
Content-Type- used to indicate the media type of the resource. Tells the client what the content type of the return content usually is. 

Expires- Header indicates a timestamps of when the entity expires. Intrestingly, a "never expires" entity is sent with 
a timestamp of one year into the future.
  
Last-Modified- indicates the last modification timestamp for the entity. 



















